We don't make mistakes we just have happy little accidents. You can't make a mistake. Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. Now then, let's play. Everybody's different. Trees are different. Let them all be individuals.

Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. We'll throw some old gray clouds in here just sneaking around and having fun. Be careful. You can always add more - but you can't take it away. You can do anything your heart can imagine. See. We take the corner of the brush and let it play back-and-forth.

Of course he's a happy little stone, cause we don't have any other kind. Let's go up in here, and start having some fun A beautiful little sunset. You have to make those little noises or it won't work. We must be quiet, soft and gentle. There is no right or wrong - as long as it makes you happy and doesn't hurt anyone.

Life is too short to be alone, too precious. Share it with a friend. You've got to learn to fight the temptation to resist these things. Just let them happen. Look around, look at what we have. Beauty is everywhere, you only have to look to see it. Let's put a touch more of the magic here. Trees grow however makes them happy.

Go out on a limb - that's where the fruit is. Just relax and let it flow. That easy. If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is.

Let your imagination be your guide. Let all these little things happen. Don't fight them. Learn to use them. The first step to doing anything is to believe you can do it. See it finished in your mind before you ever start. Just beat the devil out of it. Van Dyke Brown is a very nice brown, it's almost like a chocolate brown. Just make a decision and let it go.

Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents, being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your soul. Happy painting, God bless. God gave you this gift of imagination. Use it. Just use the old one inch brush. As trees get older they lose their chlorophyll. What the devil.

Don't be bashful drop me a line. In your world you have total and absolute power. Here's something that's fun.

So often we avoid running water, and running water is a lot of fun. All you have to do is let your imagination go wild. Remember how free clouds are. They just lay around in the sky all day long. Here's another little happy bush Isn't that fantastic? Once you learn the technique, ohhh! Turn you loose on the world; you become a tiger.

There we go. Everyone is going to see things differently - and that's the way it should be. You need the dark in order to show the light. We spend so much of our life looking - but never seeing. You don't have to spend all your time thinking about what you're doing, you just let it happen. When you do it your way you can go anywhere you choose.

Use your imagination, let it go. This is the way you take out your flustrations. You can do anything here. So don't worry about it. Isn't that fantastic? You can just push a little tree out of your brush like that. And maybe a little bush lives there. Everything's not great in life, but we can still find beauty in it.

There are no limits in this world. But we're not there yet, so we don't need to worry about it. Maybe there's a happy little waterfall happening over here. Everyone needs a friend. Friends are the most valuable things in the world. You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage. You have to make these big decisions.

We can always carry this a step further. There's really no end to this. Now we don't want him to get lonely, so we'll give him a little friend. If we're going to have animals around we all have to be concerned about them and take care of them. We want to use a lot pressure while using no pressure at all.

If you don't like it - change it. It's your world. You have to make almighty decisions when you're the creator. How do you make a round circle with a square knife? That's your challenge for the day.

This is unplanned it really just happens. In life you need colors. It's amazing what you can do with a little love in your heart. You are only limited by your imagination. We don't have anything but happy trees here. There comes a nice little fluffer.

Don't forget to tell these special people in your life just how special they are to you. We'll play with clouds today. I guess I'm a little weird. I like to talk to trees and animals. That's okay though; I have more fun than most people. We might as well make some Almighty mountains today as well, what the heck. These trees are so much fun. I get started on them and I have a hard time stopping.

Just go out and talk to a tree. Make friends with it. If we're gonna walk though the woods, we need a little path. Imagination is the key to painting. Working it up and down, back and forth. If these lines aren't straight, your water's going to run right out of your painting and get your floor wet. They say everything looks better with odd numbers of things. But sometimes I put even numbers—just to upset the critics.

Maybe there's a happy little bush that lives right there. Don't be afraid to make these big decisions. Once you start, they sort of just make themselves. Let's get wild today. Just go back and put one little more happy tree in there. I really believe that if you practice enough you could paint the 'Mona Lisa' with a two-inch brush.

That's what painting is all about. It should make you feel good when you paint. It's a super day, so why not make a beautiful sky? It takes dark in order to show light. That's why I paint - because I can create the kind of world I want - and I can make this world as happy as I want it.

Without washing the brush, I'm gonna go right into some Van Dyke Brown, some Burnt Umber, and a little bit of Sap Green. We need a shadow side and a highlight side. La- da- da- da- dah. Just be happy. If you didn't have baby clouds, you wouldn't have big clouds. Everyone wants to enjoy the good parts - but you have to build the framework first.